hello gorgeous Columbia Pictures is
proud to present Barbara Streisand
yeah you're going to be a big star
someday miss Brice Fanny Brice in her
Academy Award winning film debut fully
restored to its original Roadshow
presentation that's exactly what you are
Oh music fell girl you planning to make
advances and finally back on the big
screen presented in dye transferred
Technicolor and six channel digital
sound
[Music]
look why don't we get married to put a
beautiful wedding down on a girl that's
in the family way good thing only one
person I know from legendary producer
Ray Stark and four-time oscar-winning
director William Wyler
oh the makeup helps a lot Barbra
Streisand Omar Sharif and Francis K
Medford and Walter Pidgeon
[Music]
funny girl